First thing first is we
should work on the home page.
Let's actually just get
our routes figured out.
What is the structure of our app?
What are the routes gonna look like?
How are you navigating to places and
things like that?
So let's build out our routes,
that's kind of where I like to start.
And then from there, what I'll like
to do is just go from page to page.
Sometimes I might get sidetracked,
where I'm like, this page has a feature,
and that feature touches so
many parts of the app, so
you gotta go build those things out.
So I guess it's a death-first
approach to building an app.
I'll go to a page, and then I'll drill
down every single feature into that page
before I go to the next page, and
I'll drill down every feature on that
page before I go to the next page.
That way, I'm not switching back and
forth between different features, and
I don't wanna leave anything
in an incomplete state.
So that's kinda how I work
when I'm working solo.
So that's what we'll probably do today.
So let's get that structure going so
we know, like I said,
I have the reference here.
On GitHub, we can kinda take a look
at all the routes that we have.
It's actually really not that much,
so few routes here.
We obviously have our index page,
which is just going to be page.tsx.
That's gonna be our homepage, so
we'll be putting some stuff in there.
Then we have these five other folders.
So this first folder is dashboard.
But if you put parentheses around
a folder in Next.js app router,
this doesn't get added to
the segment in the route.
So this won't actually be a new route,
it's just a way for
me to group pages together
that have similar UI.
So we need to make that.
We have our API,
we'll talk about that some other time.
We got this new-user thing here, and
this is actually just a hack around
authentication, we'll
talk about that later.
And then we also have these
two catch-all routes for
sign-in and sign-up that we'll
also use for authentication.
So we'll just pretty much go in and
make these right quick, so let's do that.
So over here in my directory,
I'll make a new folder,
dashboard with parentheses in it.
So we have that.
And then next to that,
I'm just gonna add my API.
And another folder,
we're going to have new-user.
And another one will be sign-up,
and another one would be sign-in.
Not a file, but a folder.
Cool, so we have all of our folders here.
They don't really do anything
until we add a page.tsx to them.
So we can't really route
to them right now,
but just so
you can visualize what's happening here.
For now, let's just work on the homepage,
it's pretty simple, just some design here.
And then we'll move on to
actually doing the dashboard,
getting user authentication,
and stuff like that.
So you can think of this as our warm-up,
just getting our fingers
ready on these components.
So this one's not too crazy, in fact, it
doesn't even have a lot of functionality,
but let's do it.
So basically, for this one,
just want to add a class name here, and
we're gonna be using Tailwind.
So I'm just gonna make this page full
screen vertically and horizontally.
So I can just say, w-screen and
h-screen, like that.
That's the same thing as
saying our width is 100% VW,
view width, and height is 100 VH,
which is view height.
It's the same thing.
So we got that, I'm just gonna put a
background of black on a dark theme there.
We'll start from that,
and then what I'll do is,
I'm actually just gonna make this a flex.
So I'll say flex, and
then I'll say justify-center, and
then items, which is a line,
items-center, like that.
And I'll just add a div for our content.
So inside our content, we'll just have an
h1 here, this is where our title will go.
And we'll have a paragraph here,
this is where our description will go.
And then we'll have another
div here with a button in it,
and this is where our button will go.
Other thing you wanna do is just make
sure the text is white, like that,
otherwise it'll be black and
we won't be able see the text.
Cool, so let's go check this
out wherever I put this.
Here we go, it's exactly what I wanted
to be centered in the middle of screen.
Pretty easy, let's make this title bigger.
So I can say className, give it a text of,
I don't know, 5xl, so that's huge.
Actually, that's not even as huge as
I thought it was gonna be, [LAUGH] so
I'm gonna make it even bigger.
Yeah, 6xl for our title, and
I'll say, The best Journal,
app for hardcore.
No, just the best journal app, period.
We could just use ChatGPT to make this for
us.
Honestly, that's what we should have did,
but
we're gonna save the AI stuff for later.
So best Journal app, period.
And then further description,
this is the best app for
tracking your mood
throughout, Your life.
All you have to do is be, Honest.
[LAUGH] There you go.
Cool, so we got that,
we'll make that a little bigger.
So className,
maybe make that like a text of 2xl.
That's good.
And then make this one not as bright,
so we can say, text, and then white.
And then we can do slash here for
opacity, and
I could make it a little, let's try 60.
So that's 0.6 or 60%.
There we go.
The other thing we can do is that
I don't like how far left and
right these things go.
So what I'll do is,
you can put a container on it, but
the containers already has set max widths,
and
then you've got to go modify
the Tailwind config to do that.
It's a little sloppy, so I'm just gonna do
my own container, and just do a max width.
So on this div, that contains the content,
I'll add a className here,
and I'll say width is full.
So 100% but I'll put a max width.
And let's pick a random number, right?
I'll just say,
let's say a max width of 600 pixels.
So when you put a square bracket around
a value like this and tell one class,
this means I wanna add a custom value
instead of some hard coded values, or
whatever value I want here.
And then just to make sure it stays
centered, you can just say mx-auto,
which just stands for margin left,
margin right auto, so it stays centered.
That will do that, and there we go.
Cool, other thing is I don't
like how they're touching.
So what's the margin bottom on these?
A Margin bottom of 4 on that,
another margin bottom on
the paragraph of 4 so
they're not touching.
There we go.
And then for the button, we'll just
make a little button right quick.
We can just call this a background
of blue-600, like that.
And we can add some padding of 4, and
then we can say we want
it to be rounded corners.
Let's make it a rounded large,
and then we'll say font or text-lg.
Actually, text-xl.
There we go.
And actually, I'm gonna change the padding
from 4 to px-4, and then py of 2.
There we go, much better.
And now you got a button, cool.
Only thing we need to do is just
make this button go somewhere
when you click something,
so let's do that.
So I'll wrap this button in a link tag.
So if I bring in the link
tag from next link, like so.
Mine just auto import it if you're
wondering why I didn't go import it cuz
it's did it for me, but
it's from next link.
You've probably used it
before if you use Next.js.
And then all you have to do
is just add a href here, and
then the path you wanna go to.
In this case, when someone clicks get
started, we want them to go to /journal,
which we haven't made yet.
So obviously, it'll 404 if we click on it.
And that's it.
And we just made
award-winning landing page.
So now if we click that,
goes a journal, we get 404.
Cool, so the light work with
a Tailwind and a React.
Okay,